I need to be quiet here because in this
plan
I'm gonna be quite at least a man like a
live-in was it Activia that's why I got
what McGee
[Applause]
[Music]
there's a t-shirt oh man what fun I'm so
sorry to give you the fright of your
life
why don't you swap over with the lovely
of media now this is the midnight game
show I'm going to ask you a series of
questions the bedside clock is ticking
okay you been
I found the disco it's at right
you're at the disco so easy one for you
all you need to do take the mic is
finish the missing lyrics stayin alive
ha ha ha stayin alive
[Music]
[Applause]
I was afraid I was petrified kept
thinking I could never live without you
by my side right but I was wrong I do
have to move a lot you were wrong I've
been told that you are a Chelsea fan is
not correct yes and how much of a
Chelsea fan would you say that you are
is this a motorist Chelsea fan but he
does remember those Ejim it is that is
YYZ right now here comes a goal we're
going to pop this at the end of your bed
been like that and all I'm going to ask
you to do is hit as many balls as you
can into the goal let's go start heading
[Applause]
as well okay now let me ask you a
question about your televisual habits do
you watch reddit eveeven yeah what would
you say is your favorite television show
you might go oh well tonight if you'd
like to join me in your living room
let's head over to your living room
where you normally watch Strictly come
on Ben follow him down what are the
tasks you been in your living room
you're going to be led through some
dances by Oh team and all you have to do
is follow her lead and name the dance is
the first dance what's that that is
[Music]
[Applause]
follow
ot's lead and name the dance follow her
lead best you can there we go
and what's that John more questions okay
oh god you're the sweetest couple okay
if you don't mind I'm just gonna take
this off don't worry don't panic don't
panic okay so that's now gone
temporarily now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to ask a domestic goddess well
she seems to she's going to come in here
she's going to change your duvet cover
as quickly as she can and then you're
going to try and beat her time please
welcome Anthea Turner
hello - babe now Anthea is a duvet cover
changing legend so she's gonna talk you
through it but you could use your own
technique and take it away unclear and
when timing this would you mind if I in
bed with you I'm gonna take the corners
of the duvet any seconds absolutely
amazing the duvet changing legend and
the ladies gentlemen thank you and you
have to beat the time with your own do
pay okay here we go it's by yourself
okay ready
now this is the first time oh this this
could be a while oh yes he seems oh he's
in he's under
I don't remember
Antonia being in
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
you